docs: update auth docs (#8648)
supabase/supabase: apps/reference/_supabase_js/generated/supabase-auth-admin-api.mdx

> ---

Reviewer: I think if we keep this page:
- Add an overview on what this API provides (but maybe this overlaps too much with the /docs/guides content)
- set `sidebar_label: Overview`

id: supabase-auth-admin-api

> title: 'Supabase Auth Admin Api'

Author: changing this to "Overview" instead but the slug would still be `supabase-auth-admin-api`

slug: /supabase-auth-admin-api
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/supabase/supabase/edit/master/spec/supabase_js_v2_legacy.yml
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs'

> import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem'

Author: these are auto-generated - should we bother changing them?

> import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem'

Reviewer: Ah okay—not a big deal!

## Notes

> - Any method under the `supabase.auth.admin` namespace will require a `service_role` key.

Reviewer: Style guide thing: We should avoid future tense (e.g., "will") and stick to present tense as it's generally easier to understand.
```suggestion
- Any method under the `supabase.auth.admin` namespace requires a `service_role` key.
```
